>> Scott Moss: So next thing we're gonna
be doing is we're gonna be talking about
resolvers.
Again, somebody wanna tell
me what resolvers are?
>> Speaker 2: They resolve your data.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
they resolve your data.
If you think about,
if you ever build a server in REST,
If you don't like model view controller,
NVC, whatever.
You could think of resolvers
like a controller, but
it's just way more flexible.
Whereas a controller,
yeah it's just way more flexible and
it's way more composable than
a controller, I would say.
Resolvers do one thing.
But they are aware of things
that happened before them.
And then they can set things
up to happen after them.
And you'll see how that
works in a little bit.
Whereas controls are just
like this is the end all.
You run this function and that's it.
There's nothing else after this.
Resolvers like, yeah,
I might execute here but
I might execute 20 resolvers later too for
the same thing, so it gets kind of crazy.
So let's just check out to lesson two.
>> Scott Moss: Stash this.
>> Scott Moss: All right, so
we'll check out to lesson two.
And then, basically, what you're gonna be
doing and this is not me setting you up.
We're gonna go through resolvers a little
bit, I just want to set the context.
But from going forward with this project
the exercise you just did was based
off just generic, hello world.
But going forward now everything you do is
actually gonna be based in the context of
this project and
it's gonna be real world stuff.
There's gonna be an app.
We're building an API for an app,
which is basically a to-do app, so
all the data here is modelled for that.
There's projects, and there's tasks, so
everything going forward is
gonna be based off of that.
And you can have that in the back of
your head, you're building an API for
a to-do app,
some type of advanced productivity app.
So everything we're gonna be
doing is going forward for that.
And basically what you're gonna be
doing here is you're gonna be writing
not just regular resolvers
because that's the first course.
In this course we're gonna be
writing some advanced revolvers and
we're gonna see how that works.
But before we do that I'm just gonna
walk through in more detail what
a resolver looks like.
Because I already talked about it earlier
today before arguments and all that stuff.
But I'm gonna walk through more detail,
log them out,
show you what's happening, and give you
an idea of all the tools you can use, and
then you're gonna have to figure out how
to resolve a query that's given to you,
and you're going to have to
write the resolvers for it.
So, first thing first.
Let's talk about resolvers and
how they work, and how they actually get
incorporated with GRAPHQL and
the life cycle of these resolvers.
So what I'm gonna do is
I'm just gonna start this.
>> Scott Moss: On 5,000.
>> Scott Moss: Awesome, and then now
you'll probably have, if you were to start
this, you would see a way different
schema, whole bunch of stuff here.
This stuff is already done for you.
We're just going to be talking about
some of the things on the lessons.
But basically, we have an API for
a to do app and what we need to
do is figure out how to resolve specific
queries that reference each other.
So to do that, it's all going
to be inside of our resolvers.
This part is going to be tricky
because you actually have to change
how you think of resolving data.
These functions are so reusable and
you have no control over them.
And basically what I'm saying is
that someone can give you a query
that you don't know of.
Sure, you design types.
You design fields.
But when someone actually executes that
query, it can be whatever they want.
So you need to create a system
that allows someone to
execute any query that they want,
given the bounds of your types, right?
So it can be in any order.
You don't have any idea in what
order resolvers might be called.
But they need to work in every scenario.
That sounds complicated,
it's because it is.
That's whatever resolver it
is that you have to do that.
So we need to write over
resolver in such a way
that they could be resolved
from many different places.
Luckily in this app there
is not too many advanced
places where you can
call them differently.
It's only two different places.
But in a really big app, you might have
a resolver that's being called from
ten different types, and
these are responding exactly the same way.
And you have, you just gotta use the tools
provided you to figure that out.